hey it's Jake mace with Phoenix
longevity arts.com and this workout
Wednesday video is going to be a tribute
video to zuzka light because I have
washed her channel for years and I'm
always inspired to workout by Zeus got
all the workout she puts together and
she put one together a few days ago and
it was like a challenge workout video
and it's a kettlebell workout so I got
my kettlebell here as you guys can see
I've got five minutes on my timer here
as you can see and I'm gonna try to beat
three rotations plus eight swings of the
same workout that zuzka light did in her
video and I'll post the link to her
video down in the About section down
below this video so you guys can watch
it and try as well so let's all try
together get a kettlebell mine is 25
pounds and let's give it a try
so copy my moves guys do what I do and
five minutes begins right now
so single arm swings one and two switch
it
say use your legs seven eight
9 and 10 put it down
one birdie you guys get it going watts
where you figure Eight's need between
squat
Ted put it down just go for whatever
is there kettlebell by your feet get out
to a percent position and push it up
walk that touch one touch two three
10:1 up another bird set to it let's do
it
six
8:10 put it down
get that birdie yeah get the bigger in
swat each time I'm here get their weight
by the feet push-ups
Thanks ten that last barfi that's two
rounds too
three four
eight and deep breath
let's go over under swap between the
legs
I'm gonna call this the Kobe basket
Boston what is that five six say last
time
10 but it didn't get it I love this
push-up drill here with that kettlebell
touches four five six seven eight nine
ten pop it up her feet get it going
set for him one two three
seven eight Oh Jenna for me
big your former speaker aids between the
legs
squatting each day
and yup they're push-ups
it's my favorite part of this juice
California
crickets I barely got four I think my
favorite part of this workout was that
push-up kettlebell touches between the
legs added some flexibility in my
hamstrings I think that was really good
exercise for the martial artist so I'm
feeling the workout I feel the pump I
filled my lungs how's a good workout
four sets in five minutes and I really
want to encourage you guys watching
especially our subscribers our viewers
out there no matter what country you're
in you don't have to go for an hour you
could do little bursts like this for
five minutes at a time and get a great
workout I'm always looking for
inspiration and motivation from other
people and other things to keep me going
and I think that zuzka light and her
youtube channel which you guys can find
right here I'll put a link right there
to it check it out she's super
consistent with content it's always fun
her dispositions really calm very
engaging and her workouts are extremely
meaningful and tough but I often times
do them incorporate aspects of the know
my own classes and I'm inspired by them
at the same time so Hannah thanks Azusa
go for the great workout and hope you
guys enjoyed this video please hit the
like button on this video subscribe to
our Channel check me out on Instagram a
Jake makes Taichi like our Facebook page
at facebook.com slash Jake Mase dot Tai
Chi and
I'll see you guys back here next